Improve readme (#182)
lynxthecat/adblock-lean: README.md

## Features

Main features of adblock-lean:

> - easy **automated interactive setup** with presets for devices with different memory capacity (64MiB/128MiB/256MiB/512MiB/1024MiB and higher)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- easy **automated interactive setup** with presets for devices based on memory capacity (64MiB/128MiB/256MiB/512MiB/1024MiB and higher)
```

- supports **multiple blocklist and/or allowlist files** downloaded from user-specified URLs
- supports **local blocklist and/or allowlist** files specified by the user
- supports **automatic blocklist updates**
- supports **blocklist compression** (which significantly reduces memory consumption) by leveraging the new conf-script functionality of dnsmasq
- **automatic optimization** of the final blocklist which further reduces memory consumption
- supports **deduplication** of entries across all blocklist and/or allowlist parts
- **removes domains found in the allowlist** from the blocklist files in order to reduce final blocklist size

> - **configurable constraints** for minimum and maximum size and lines count in blocklist/allowlist parts and in the final blocklist, designed to prevent memory over-use and minimize the chance of loading incomplete blocklist because of a download error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **configurable constraints** for minimum and maximum size and lines count in blocklist/allowlist parts and in the final blocklist, designed to prevent memory over-use and minimize the likelihood of loading an incomplete blocklist because of a download error
```
